At this point, we understand each of the DevOps phases as well as CI, CD and CD.
In this lecture, let's look at some of the relevant tools for each of these phases.
To write your code in the interface, you can use popular IDs such as Visual Studio code running on
your local desktop.
If you want to stick with Native Web Services, you can use A.W. Cloud nine.
Then in the source files, you check in your code to a code repository.
The most popular code repository out there is GitHub.
The native NWS service is a code commit.
Then the most critical phase in Davos pipeline build phase.
You can use Jenkins or NetWare as tool.
It could build and you can use any popular testing frameworks such as Johnny or Pi Test to run your
unit testing.
Similarly for the testing phase, Jenkins or a code build can invoke different testing tools.
So there are many testing tools available for different kinds of testing.
A couple of examples could be for Java load testing, tool generator and for Python load testing tool
low cost.
And keep in mind that for penetration testing, UI testing, all this tooling will change.
So if you know what area you are interviewing for, so look up the appropriate testing tools in that
area before your interview for the deploy phase, you can use.
Jenkins or you could use native service could deploy.
So even though the monitoring phase is not part of the formal RSD pipeline, I have included it here
because it is becoming very popular in interview when it comes to monitoring all of us.
Think about three different things logs, metrics and traces.
If you want to use native as tool, you can use Amazon Cloud Watch, Cloud Watch services for both logs
as well as metrics.
So you can send your application logs to Cloud Watch.
And all the application metrics as well as system metrics can be done in Cloud Watch.
It is x ray is the native service for tracing.
I have also included a couple of tools for Kubernetes.
For Kubernetes, if you want to use it as a tool, you can keep using cloud watch and OS x ray.
They are supported with elastic Kubernetes services.
If you prefer open source tool, you can use Prometheus and graph for metrics.
So basically Prometheus gathers all the metrics data.
Then you use graphs to create dashboards or metrics.
On top of that data for logging you can use fluent bit, so foo and bit is a daemon set that collects
the logs for your Kubernetes and then it can send the logs to either Cloud Watch or Splunk or any other
third party logging tools.
So make sure to study up on Prometheus graph and fluent bit if you are going for Kubernetes interviews.
So all these phases build, test and deploy needs to be orchestrated together as in as soon as someone
checks in a code, you want to trigger the build test, deploy one after another automatically.
So you could do that using Jenkins or if you want to use native WC to NWS code pipeline is the service
to do that.
All right.
So those are some of the popular DevOps tools for each of these phases.
Now let's take a look at different DevOps workflows for different applications.